c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\appPrueba.exe.config
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\appPrueba.exe
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\appPrueba.pdb
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\obj\Debug\appPrueba.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\obj\Debug\appPrueba.Form1.resources
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\obj\Debug\appPrueba.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\obj\Debug\appPrueba.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\obj\Debug\appPrueba.exe
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\obj\Debug\appPrueba.pdb
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\ExcelDataReader.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\LinqToExcel.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\Remotion.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\Remotion.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\ExcelDataReader.pdb
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\ExcelDataReader.xml
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\LinqToExcel.xml
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\ExcelDataReader.DataSet.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\ExcelDataReader.DataSet.pdb
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\ExcelDataReader.DataSet.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\es\mscorlib.resources.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\normidna.nlp
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\normnfc.nlp
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\normnfd.nlp
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\normnfkc.nlp
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appPrueba\appPrueba\bin\Debug\normnfkd.nlp
